# python-semi-supervised-GANs.
Research program, use python to code a semi-supervised GAN, and achieve the research goals

Synthetic aperture radar SAR can work day and night and is scarcely affected by meteorological conditions, making it suitable for reconnaissance and surveillance. Automatic target recognition ATR in SAR images is challenging and has attracted much interest in recent years. SAR-ATR can be divided into three stages: detection, discrimination, and classification, and I focus on the classification stage in this work. Based on the data augmentation method, a little labelled data and substantial unlabeled data were applied to train GANs. I proposed semi-supervised generative adversarial networks GANs-based synthetic aperture radar SAR target recognition method to solve the problem of automatic target recognition ATR in SAR images when the training set contains only a few labelled data and relatively adequate unlabeled data. As a semi-supervised learning technique, the semi-supervised GANs-based approach is suitable for this problem and has achieved impressive performance on many tasks. 
The whole network consists of a generator and a discriminator. The generator learns the target distribution from the labelled and the unlabeled data and generates the fake data. The discriminator predicts the class of the labelled data and distinguishes the fake data from the real one. In the end, this network demonstrated outstanding performance in target recognition of SAR images. 
This research greatly improved my coding and research ability. 
